# Welcome to my GitHub profile!

My name is Harry, I'm an engineer _(In training)_ who loves to build things.

I use this platform for a lot of things, both big and small, spanning a wide
range of contexts. From hobby projects, to academic projects, to documents I've
written, to labs I've designed for the York Engineering Society, all of it lives
on this GitHub.

I am aware that with all this, my repositories list may feel a little cluttered,
so I will do my best to summarize my top projects here.

## My Top Projects

### [Battery Server ](https://github.com/HBoyd255/BatteryServer)

This is a project that I put together to monitor the battery levels of all of my
web-connected devices. It's a collection of scripts that run on various
platforms to collect battery data and send it to a central google server. Then a
small IOT device displays this information and flashes when a battery needs
charging.

### [Caps Lock Remap](https://github.com/HBoyd255/CapsLockRemap)

I got tired of the caps lock key only having one function, when it is surrounded
by a handful of useful modifier keys. So after remapping the caps lock key to
f13 I wrote a script to map it to over 30 new shortcuts.

### [Foxy](https://github.com/HBoyd255/foxy)

A Firefox launcher that opens Firefox on the correct desktop. By default,
Firefox will open new tabs in the most recent Firefox instance, even if it
exists on a different virtual desktop. This script fixes this by checking if
there is an instance of Firefox open on the current desktop, and if not, adds
the `--new-window` argument to Firefox.

## Academic Projects

I also have a number of academic projects that I have worked on throughout my
time at The University of York. These span from implementing path-finding
algorithms in C++ to designing the hardware and software for an autonomous maze
solving robot.

For various reasons, I have not made these repositories public, but if you are
interested in seeing them, please feel free to reach out to me.

## Contact Me

If you would like to get in touch with me, you can reach me at
hboyd255@gmail.com, or my university email hb1518@york.ac.uk.  
I'm also on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hboyd255/).
